#[Developer Welcome Page](https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation/blob/master/docs/startup-guide/index.md)

# scenario-service-implementation
This repository will gather all the work done in WP5 (Scenario/Service implementation)

The work package will take the reTHINK use cases and user scenarios of WP1 as a starting point to design and develop use-cases that embed combinations of the service components (real time communication, Web application, content management). All the tasks will be divided in two iterative phases. Scenarios and hyperties defined in phase 1 will be less complex and all the feedback derived from their design and implementation will be used in the phase 2 to enrich the scenarios and fix any conceptual or technical gap detected.  

### Task 5.1: Service Scenario and Hyperties Specification (M5-M23)
**Partners: PTIN (lead), Apizee, QUOBIS, TUB**

This task will take the use cases and user scenarios defined in Task 1.1 to select the service scenarios to be implemented and deployed in WP6 testbeds. The selection should also take into account the available functionalities implemented in WP3 and WP4 to ensure the service scenarios are feasible. Hyperties needed for the service scenarios will be identified and fully specified, and these specifications will be used in the next tasks to implement Hyperties and the different Service Scenarios. The characteristics of the device where the Hyperty will be taken into consideration for the specification (e.g. in resource-constrained or embedded devices it may be preferable the use native instead of Web-based applications), however all of them will use web protocols to communicate with a common messaging layer. The possibility of aggregating different Hyperties in a unique user  application will be taken into consideration in this task as a design requirement.  

## Task 5.2: Hyperties implementation (M8-M26)
**Partners: PTIN, Fraunhofer, QUOBIS (lead), TUB**

This task implements re-usable Hyperties across more than one scenario according to the detailed specification provided in task 5.1. It will use the Hyperty Service Framework provided by Task 3.2. The Hyperties will be web-based applications mainly programmed in JavaScript that will run on any device where the Hyperty Runtime has been deployed by Task 3.6.  The Hyperties aimed to be deployed on resource-constrained devices will be developed as native or hybrid applications. For this applications special consideration will be taken to implement effective background execution of Hyperties and the management of push notifications from messaging layer.

## Task 5.3: Conversational Service Scenarios implementation (M10-M26)
**Partners: PTIN, Apizee (lead), QUOBIS**

This task re-uses and extends Hyperties implemented in Task 5.2 to implement Conversational Service scenarios i.e. service scenarios that are focused on Real Time Communication between humans i.e. audio, video, chat. Screen sharing, etc. Particularly, we will render enterprise Web sites as communication entry points. The task will exploit reTHINK technology for enabling professional communications between employees in the organization and also between visitors and enterprise as for PBX. The use-case aim to value the benefit of reTHINK framework in providing voice and video communications with appropriated quality and user experience. The use-case will showcase how hyperties can be used to provide smooth integration of instant messaging, voice/video communication in business applications by providing a better user experience and efficiency. The business communication suite to be developed for this use-case will enable access to enterprise digital facilities anywhere and from any devices (smartphone, tablet, PC …). One of the challenge of this use case will be to manage videoconferencing with appropriate quality of service on unmanaged network as users may use different connections types : Broadband, WiFi, etc and different networks configurations : NAT, Firewalls, etc. This use case will also leverage the user Identity management possibilities provided by reTHINK framework.

## Task 5.4: Context enabled Service scenario implementation (M10-M26)

**Partners: PTIN, Fraunhofer (lead), Apizee, TUB**

For enabling context-based social communication, this task will implement a context engine for inclusion into Hyperties. This Context engine will expose an API to offer the contextual information so that it can be consumed by the different Hyperties or management services to enrich the possibilities of the Service scenario. The set of available context information depends on the capabilities of the used Hyperty Host and the underlying device. In the reTHINK project, primary context information to be considered are status information about the user and her location. The Context engine automatically derives this information and, if enabled by the user, makes it available to the user’s relationships reflected by the Hyperty graph and the Hyperty directory, thus enabling the aforementioned forms of context-based social communications. The user’s location will be determined by smartphone capabilities like GPS, WiFi, background geofencing, and Bluetooth Low Energy. Status information can be derived from user activity patterns or explicitly indicated. To illustrate this, this task will implement a Smart City service scenario. This scenario will integrate a variety of Hyperties from different segments e.g., Conversational, IoT, Content Delivery to validate the potential of the reTHINK Hyperty framework providing services across different service domains. For example, environmental data can be combined with real-time values attained from within the building and control services ensure the more efficient and automatic operation of heating, ventilation systems and window shades, while a real-time video stream (T5.3) connects a control center with local service personnel repairing such smart home systems.
