#Minutes:
We based the discussion on these two documents:
- https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation/tree/master/docs/scenarios
- https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation/issues/1

1. We have to define the scope of the scenarios description for the D5.1 and the details for phase I.
2. It is necessary to provide the detailed specification of the scenarios, at least for the phase I.
3. We have to deal with the short time lapse between the results for phase I in WP3 (M14) and the results for phase I in WP5 (M17).
4. D1.1 lists scenario and use cases; four/five of them are listed as "user scenarios [that] are selected as focus scenarios for initial development".  We need further harmonizaiton on the views if this list of user scenarios is a commitment on the choice of initial scenarios to be selected from in WP5.
5. We discussed the urgent need to have a technically precise and complete specification of APIs, Interfaces, and component functionalities for all technical features that are required to build phase 1 scenarios.  Discussion elaborated if this should be done within the responsibility of WP5 and it was considered a task of the technical WPs, but that needs to be completed in very due time and under consolidation of WP5 to assure that all functionality to build phase 1 scenarios is covered.  Concerns were risen that the current level of detail of the spec is varying and not final; this might impact the work in WP5.

#Action points:
- Paulo will provide a more detailed structure of the scenarios description next week. [due to Wed, Oct.11, EOB]
- Yudani will provide a proposal of the Table of Content for the D5.1 [due to Wed, Oct.11, EOB]

Weekly telcos: Friday at 12h (CET)

#Participants:
- Fraunhofer: Marc
- PT: Paulo
- Quobis: Antón and Yudani.
