# WP-5 Telco 2016-04-28

## Agenda

1. Hyperties and apps development status
2. Apps interfaces
3. Paris meeting
4. AOB

##Participants

* Mark (FOKUS)
* Paulo (PT)
* Arnaud (Apizee)
* Sebastian (TUB)
* Jean-Michel (Orange)
* Antón, Sergio (Quobis)
* -- (DT)

## Upcoming Milestones & Deliverables
1. Phase 1 Hyperties 29/Apr/2016
2. Phase 1 Applications 31/May/2016
3. D5.2: 15/Jun/2016

## Minutes

###1. Status of hyperties and applications
* FOKUS: working on its hyperties and interfaces
* Quobis: working on Group Chat and location hyperty.
* PT: working on My bracelet hyperty (bit delayed, found issues with policy engine) with an emulation.
* TUB: will update the status tomorrow.
* Apizee: started to work in the presence Hyperty. Issue found to handle hyperty disconnection, an issue will be open for this-> how to get the address of the hyperties you are going to subscribe->generic serahc for Dat Object types. Offered to provide MyContact hyperty.

__We encourage all WP5 partners to provide first versions of the implementations for some integration test during next meeting in Paris__.
Remenber that a *#dev-hyperty* channel has been created in slack to support hyperty developers.

###2. App interfaces 
* DT sent a new design by mail to the team.
* Quobis provided an example of a GUI framework:  GUI based on React+Redux: https://github.com/reTHINK-project/dev-participate
* Create a dedicated repository for Participate Applications: https://github.com/reTHINK-project/dev-participate

###3. Paris meeting
* We plan to run interoperability tests. Please, provide first prototypes!!!
* A doodle will be provided to select a slot for interaction between developers (both in situ and online).
* An issue was be created to agree on the agenda for the WP5 slots, please contribute. Paulo proposes to move the Phase1 review as the first topic of the day to identify all the blocking issues and missing parts we must try to fix during the meeting.  
