# WP-5 Telco 2016-04-14

## Agenda

1. Feedback from Hyperty toolkit
2. Status of hyperties and applications
3. App interfaces
4. Participate Sync meeting
5. AOB

##Participants

* Mark (FOKUS)
* Antón, David, Sergio (Quobis)
* Paulo (PT)
* -- (Apizee)
* -- (DT)
* -- (TUB)
* Jean-Michel (Orange)

## Upcoming Milestones & Deliverables
1. Phase 1 Hyperties 29/Apr/2016
2. Phase 1 Applications 31/May/2016
3. D5.2: 15/Jun/2016

## Minutes

###1.Feedback from Hyperty toolkit
No negative feedback from Fokus and Quobis. *Feedback from the rest of partners is really appreciated*.
The browser runtime is being incorporated to the Hyperty Toolkit. It means that the Hyperty developers will be able to use a "real" reTHINK runtime to develop and execute the hyperties.
Hyperties and apps developed using the browser-runtime should be also directly usable in the standalone runtime.

###2. Status of hyperties and applications
A Hyperty repository created by Paulo. All the new hyperties should be added to it. Quobis will move its hyperty from WP5 repo to this new one. 
The structure of the hyperty folders must be agreed by the partners. Quobis will add the hyperties and the folder structure must be assumed as its proposal, if any partner prefers a different structure its feedback will be appreciated.
Fokus developers are already starting the development of their hyperties.

__We encourage the rest of WP5 to start the development of the hyperties compromised for D5.2.__
Yudani created milestones for all the hyperties and aaplications which have to be documented in D5.2. Please note that the proposed __milestone for phase1 hyperties 
is 29/Apr/2016 and the milestones for Apps is 31/May/2016__.

A *#dev-hyperty* channel has been created in slack to support hyperty developers. Hyperty developers may find useful to read the discussions there.

###3&4. App interfaces andParticipate Sync meeting
PT will develop the GUI for its App. Regarding the __Participate App meeting has been scheduled for 20/Apr/2016__. DT may not have the graphical designer who prepared the initial Participate mockups available for this project anymore. Quobis' graphical designer can temporarily join the project to design the missing mockups for Participate App. Quobis can also provide a reference version of the GUI which can be adapted by the partners according to the mockups and its App requirements.  
These points will be discussed during next week meeting.

