# WP-5 Telco 2016-05-19

## Agenda

1. Hyperties and apps development status
2. Apps interfaces
3. Paris meeting
4. AOB

##Participants

* Ancuta (FOKUS)
* -- (PT)
* Arnaud (Apizee)
* Sebastian (TUB)
* Jean-Michel (Orange)
* Antón, Yudani (Quobis)
* -- (DT)

## Upcoming Milestones & Deliverables
1. Phase 1 Applications&Applications 31/May/2016
2. Start of D5.2 edition 01/Jun/2016
3. Delivery of D5.2: 15/Jun/2016

## Minutes

###1. Status of hyperties and applications
* FOKUS: relevant advance in the last weeks.
* Quobis: finishing application. Hyperties ready.
* PT: (no news, please update when possible).
* TUB: progressing.
* Apizee: presence hyperty ready. Working on the application.

__We encourage all WP5 partners to provide first versions of the implementations.__.
Remenber that a *#dev-hyperty* channel has been created in slack to support hyperty developers.

###2. App interfaces 
* DT sent a new design for Participate App by mail to the team. please follow it as a reference.
* Quobis provided an example of a GUI framework:  GUI based on React+Redux: https://github.com/reTHINK-project/dev-participate
* A dedicated repository for Participate Applications has been created: https://github.com/reTHINK-project/dev-participate

###3. D5.2
* Issue to discuss the Table of Contents: https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation/issues/12
* It is proposed to the partners to include the the Hyperty and Application documentation for D5.2 in the github repositories following the structure in https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation/issues/12
* A date __(tentative 07/Jun/2016)__ will be agreed to move all the documentation in Github to the working D5.2 document.
