# WP-5 Telco 2016-05-27

## Agenda
1. Discussion with WP4: How is user identity handled by applications?
2. Hyperties and apps development status
3. D5.2
4. AOB

##Participants

* Ancuta, Marc (FOKUS)
* Paulo (PT)
* Arnaud (Apizee)
* - (TUB)
* Simon (Orange)
* Antón, David (Quobis)
* -- (DT)

## Upcoming Milestones & Deliverables
1. Phase 1 Hyperties&Applications 31/May/2016
2. Start of D5.2 edition 01/Jun/2016
3. Move all doc from Github to doc file and start edition in .doc file. 07/Jun/2016 
4. Delivery of D5.2: 15/Jun/2016

## Minutes

###1. How is user identity handled by applications?
We discussed with WP4 the way the authentication process must be managed in order to be user-friendly. We decide to arrange a meeting next week to del with this important topic. Anton will send a WP4 members will prepare some light material to expose their approaches and WP3 members will expose how authentication is be done right now.   

###2. Status of hyperties and applications
* FOKUS: relevant advance in the last weeks. Paul in contact with David for Dev-particpate development.Identity management in phase2, asserting the identity of hotel guest wants to get access to the room controller.
* Quobis: finishing application. Hyperties ready.
* PT: progressing with MyBracelet application blocked with standalone-runtime (David will provide support). PT will start using the presence hyperty from Apizee. 
* TUB: progressing.
* Apizee: presence hyperty ready. The have nitegrated two hyperties (presence and group chat hyperties). When they receive Presence messages they don't know if is for the own user or it comes from another user. Integrate connector hyperty in the application.



__We encourage all WP5 partners to provide first versions of the implementations to collect all the feedback generated by the developer during the programming tasks. Finally we decided to add this feedback as issues in the [scenario-service-implementation](https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation) with label "improvement/enhancement"__ .

###3. D5.2
* It is proposed to the partners to include the the Hyperty and Application documentation for D5.2 in the github repositories following the structure in https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation/issues/12
* A date __(07/Jun/2016)__ will be agreed to move all the documentation in Github to the working D5.2 document.
* For hyperties you can use this document as a reference: (https://github.com/reTHINK-project/dev-hyperty/tree/master/src/location )
* For applications you can use this document as a reference:  (pending)
* Issue to discuss the Table of Contents: https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation/issues/12

