# WP-5 Telco 2017-02-14

## Agenda
1. Status of the scenarios implementation
2. Final deliverable template
3. Next meeting - Vigo

##Participants

* -- (FOKUS)
* -- (PT)
* Sebastian and Felix (TUB)
* Yudani (Quobis)
* Jamal (Apizee)
* -- (DT)
* Jean-Michelle (Orange)

## Upcoming Milestones & Deliverables
1. D5.3 Hyperties and Service Scenarios implementation for phase 2 -> March


## Minutes

###1. Status of the scenarios implementation
* FOKUS: Hotel Scenario fully implemented.  Waiting for NodeJS runtime to fully run in order to build automatic deployments of the scenario in the lab (works 100% right now but needs a notebook to run some hyperties which should be replaced by an embedded system running NodeJS).  Update of deliverable (D5.3 available scenario-service-implementation/docs/Deliverable_53/D5.3 content.md).
* TUB: Application and service running. Cordova framework still pending.
* APIZEE: working on it and integrating group communication. Open issue with identity module being discused with WP3.
* PT: -- 
* QUOBIS: My City main functions running. Integration of Global Registry for discovery pending.

###2. Final deliverable template
* Contributions to Git Hub: until 15th of March 
Put links to content here: https://github.com/reTHINK-project/scenario-service-implementation/blob/master/docs/Deliverable_53/D5.3%20content.md
* Contributions to Word document: until 22th of March 
Word template here: https://bscw.rethink-project.eu/bscw/bscw.cgi/44346

###3. Next meeting: 8-10 March in Vigo
* All scenarios will show a live demo of the implementations
* Apizee will atend the 2nd and 3rd days
* A slot is required for Participate partners

